so you want to be successful, huh?
Look at something in this world that has the
ability to change your whole life in one
You instantly know what it is.
it's action is the first step
you just need to make the decision
ask if the following one year from now
in five years what you would like
have done today
the secret of being ahead in this world
is to start something first
you can not let fear stay in
front of your dreams
You can not think too much and if it does not
work if you believe in the process and
no result
success will come to you
he will you just need to have the will to
go to the end
but first you need to jump
because what begins to
to move
continues the process by
It only feeds the fire.
you can not fall into the trap of fear
the limits are like fears only with
illusions that we of your passion are
This gift will go with everything and there is no
You doubt this will be good because what
makes someone good at something is the
dedication hard work and do this with
the correct direction and methodology
so either way you will now
what makes someone professional in
something
It's the concept of calling that little
idea that small decision that you
took and executed there leading to a more
away from your imagination is capable of this
dedicating every breath of your body
for that cause